=head1 CSS::Parser::Regexp - a regexp-based CSS parser with at-rule support

=head2 SYNOPSIS

    use CSS::Parser::Regexp;
    use Data::Dumper;

    $\ = "\n";

    my $css = <<CSS
    .someclass {
        color: limegreen;
        font-size: 12pt;
    }
    CSS
    ;

    my $p = CSS::Parser::Regexp->new;

    $p->parse($css);

    print Dumper($p->rules);

    print Dumper($p->to_tree);

    print $p->stringify;


=head2 DESCRIPTION

This module parses CSS with at-rules into rule lists or trees, and stringifies it back


=head2 FUNCTIONS


=head3 new

    my $p = CSS::Parser::Regexp->new;

Creates a new CSS::Parser::Regexp instance.


=head3 parse

    $p->parse($css);

Parses a CSS string. Returns the CSS::Parser::Regexp object.


=head3 rules

    my $rules = $p->parse($css)->rules

Returns the list of parsed rules as an arrayref.


=head3 stringify

    my $rules = $p->parse($css)->stringify

Returns the list of parsed rules stringified into CSS.


=head3 to_tree

    my $rules = $p->parse($css)->to_tree

Returns the list of parsed rules as a tree of hashrefs


=head2 TO DO

=over

=item better sorting of rules in stringify

=item documenting the rule list and tree structures

=item functionality for adding/removing rules

=back


=head2 SEE ALSO

=over

=item CSS

=item CSS::DOM

=item CSS::Tiny

=back


=head2 BUGS and CAVEATS

This module is tested against Bootstrap, Normalize.css and Pure.css. I don't know if there is gnarly CSS out there that this module fails against.


=head2 AUTHORS

Simone Cesano


=head2 CREDITS

For testing purposes, this distribution includes files from L<Bootstrap|https://getbootstrap.com/>, L<Pure.css|https://purecss.io/>
and L<Normalize.css|https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/>.

=head2 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2021 by Simone Cesano.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.
